Yes, yeah, so I mean, it was fun going to an art school.
I would say.
yes yeah so there's like a application you have to submit a portfolio i mean i applied for visual arts
But they have all sorts of works. They have even like culinary arts.
They have like production design for like sets. Yeah for theaters
I was in visual arts, so you know. oh..
yeah so it's like you can take classes in a lot of different things
So I took classes in photography, ceramics...
painting yeah it was like it was fun
Oh, no, that's a funny thing. We didn't even have a mascot. We didn't have a football field.
It's like in the middle of the city. yeah and the..
Right, right, yeah. So even like our PE classes.
We had like, I took tap dance for PE, which was fun, but
For the students who wanted to take regular PE, they had to do laps around the parking lot.
Cuz they don't have a field yeah
Yeah, so I don't know why you would ever sign up for that is what I thought.
when you could take like Taekwondo or like ballet or something like fun.
So yeah, so I'll you know cut it off there
Yes, yes, but we did have problems but our..
Well, I guess maybe it's the same for other high schools, but our venues was always like
somewhere completely different. It would be like...
But they did have like really nice venues for us like one time it was at the aquarium
One of the school dances.
One time it was at K1 Speed, the big go-kart place.
Yeah, like stuff like that. So it was kind of fun. yeah
Yeah. Yeah, so.
Yeah, it was fun but I'll cut it off.
really okay..
you have like two... two sets of parents.
Wow.
Completely different.